chore: update migration guide (#1467)
pyansys/actions: doc/source/migrations/index.rst

          with:
            package-name: my-package

- **Adoption of uv.lock installs:** If your project commits a ``uv.lock`` file, verify that
  the lockfile is up to date and includes every extra and group your workflows pass to the actions
  through relevant inputs. If you also maintain a legacy ``requirements/requirements_<name>.txt`` for
  ``doc-build``, ``tests-pytest``, or ``check-vulnerabilities`` actions, remove one of the two to
  avoid the new error described in the breaking changes section.

- **Review usage of still-deprecated inputs:** The following inputs still exist but now emit an
  ``ERROR``-level deprecation notice (previously ``WARNING``) and are scheduled for removal in ``v12``.
  In ``v11`` the inputs are no longer used because the corresponding tools are now installed from the action's

>   pinned requirements (see the *Pinned action dependencies* new feature above). Migrate away

Author: ```suggestion
  pinned requirements (see *Pinned action dependencies* in the new feature section). Migrate away
```
